hey everyone welcome to world war chat
and first off before you do anything
else go check out this video right here
because I have a contest going on is
ending on the 9th I'm giving away an
authenticator actually I am giving away
this Authenticator which is what I got
from the 2009 blizzcon it is the
starcraft two limited edition
authenticator and this is a must-have
for all of you blizzard lovers out there
he loved their games um def highly
recommend see like having broken the
seal say I was gonna get another one way
but I messed up the box and I don't
really want to give away a boxes kind of
slightly damaged and also i'm going to
give away this razor obviously i don't
really know what it's for to be to be
quite honest I have no idea but it's I'm
guessing for accessories or whatnot I'm
actually got this I'm not this year but
I think that I thought last year's 2010
blizzcon actually something to give that
in there as well someone else might find
that a little bit more Julius um and
look it's got a little pops in the front
you can put your authenticator in there
how awesome that means but I hope that's
kind of funny isn't it mine I'll shirt
and a horde hoodie but head two colors
match those all it matters right um yes
I was a little bit of wild lately I've
actually we're all not rerolled I just
rollin alt um a priest deny actually are
you like a level 80 priest undead
actually just sitting on some other
server but you know whatever
this side rule deny priest as well but
actually traveling tomorrow but I really
like it that much to be honest that's
like I don't know I just my pie was
getting much of a chance but I just know
I was really feeling it was really fun
it what guys here I also got the diablo
3 beta which is really cool it's
actually kind of like the it's very much
that from diablo 3 demo at blizzcon
which i think they said anyway i said
it's kind of like expected but so cool
cuz im so kind of you know roam around
and everything while I kind of figure
out what I want to do and so messy back
there it's like so let better i guess i
don't know um what else yellow through
beta oh i thought my Wow annual pass it
is awesome um did that dude and it was
interesting when i signed up for it i
was saying how hey this is the contract
you can't break it so when you hit a
gray or acceptor ok or whatever it was
how to click um like that this is it
there's no turning back and all i could
think of was all these people here in
poly sign up for it and later down the
road like I change my mind I don't want
to play anymore which would you what you
shouldn't you should still play I don't
know what you're doing but yeah there's
that um yeah I can just see people doing
that some wonder how that would even
work so but I has been an awesome thing
is that my boyfriend actually has the
wow credit card which when you used the
credit card you get points and with
those pointy news that towards um wow
gametime so um he uses it who uses it
for every so he has like all these
points so we both can you know pretty
much play wow every month for free so
essentially that's pretty awesome good
tune so even though
because I was actually afraid that
because I was like man I'm actually I
feel like I haven't paid for wow I'm
like oh I don't know it's been a while
because we use his points every month um
for game time well game time so yeah you
can actually use that so if you have the
credit card to you can use either well
if you have a wild credit card to you
can use your points even on the annual
pass it just kind of saying hey I'm
going to commit to playing wow for a
year um yeah I'm really excited about
this November and all these games are
coming out so I did kind of pick and
choose which one I was going to get and
looks like Skyrim one that and that
battle actually I'm going to get it on
steam which I ask people on Twitter as
like hey I can't say I've been going
back and forth on this for days actually
I was like okay pc or xbox 360 which one
which one should i get pretty much i was
like hey as long as you have a good as
long as you have a really good pc go pc
because it'll look better and there's
also a lot of different mods that you
can use on your pc game other that you
can't do on 360 so i decided to do that
so I'm going to get um Skyrim on PC um
see what doing some let's plays but it
seems like every time I do Let's Plays
or something on my computer and I'm just
you know playing and recording and I'll
look back arm just like this is not fun
this isn't interesting at all to watch I
don't I don't know so I don't know
should I JD let's play a skyrim and now
I know
kind of up in there I hope y'all are
having a great week I cannot wait for 11
11 11 7 11 I don't even want to do uh
yeah I'm gonna go now thanks for
watching I be sure to subscribe and
check out my contest later bye